azure/python/README.md, before:

## Overview

At the moment, Spin does not have support for the Azure SDK. The current workaround is to make HTTP calls to the Azure service endpoints. This demonstrates how to effectively format and sign those HTTP requests.

## Requirements

- Latest version of Spin: https://developer.fermyon.com/spin/v2/install
- Python 3.12
- Python's `virtualenv` library installed: 
    - After Python is installed, run `pip install virtualenv` in the terminal.

## Usage

This example will show how to interact with Azure Blob Storage. See [Azure's documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/azure/) for API information on other Azure services.

### Creating the .env file:

In the same directory as the code files, create a `.env` file with the below variables: 

```dotenv
SPIN_VARIABLE_AZ_ACCOUNT_NAME="YOUR_ACCOUNT_NAME"
SPIN_VARIABLE_AZ_SHARED_KEY="YOUR_SHARED_KEY"
```

Notice that the environment variables are formatted `SPIN_VARIABLE_UPPERCASE_VARIABLE_NAME`. This is the format required by Spin to read environment variables properly. As can be seen in the `spin.toml` file, the Spin application accesses the variables as `lowercase_variable_name`. 


### Building and running the application:

Once the .env is created, export the environment variables, build a virtual environment, install the dependencies, and then run the Spin application. 

Example commands for Debian Linux:

```bash
# Exporting the variables
set -a
source .env
set +a

# Creating and activating a virtual environment
python -m virtualenv venv
source venv/bin/activate

# Installing dependencies
pip install -r requirements.txt

# Building and running the Spin application
spin up --build

# Exit virtual environment
deactivate
```

### Interacting with the application:

While the Spin app is running, open a new terminal window and try running the commands below:

#### List blobs:

```bash
curl "http://127.0.0.1:3000/container-name?restype=container&comp=list"
```

#### Get blob:

```bash
curl -o file_name.extension "http://127.0.0.1:3000/container-name/path/to/your/blob"
```

#### Delete blob:

```bash
curl --request DELETE "http://127.0.0.1:3000/container-name/path/to/your/blob"
```

#### Place blob:

```bash
curl --request PUT --data-binary @/path/to/file "http://127.0.0.1:3000/container-name/path/to/your/blob"
```

Commit message:

Refactoring Azure Go and Python apps + README files. Also removing example files for AWS TypeScript and updating readme to point users to AWS documentation and Spin JS SDK examples.

azure/python/README.md, after:

## Overview

At the moment, Spin does not have support for the Azure SDK. The current workaround is to make HTTP calls to the Azure service endpoints. This demonstrates how to format and sign HTTP requests to Azure.

## Requirements

- Latest version of [Spin](https://developer.fermyon.com/spin/v2/install)
- Latest version of [Python](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
- Python's `virtualenv` library: 
    - After Python is installed, run `pip install virtualenv` in your terminal.

## Usage

This example will show how to interact with Azure Blob Storage. See Azure's [documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/azure/) for API information on other Azure services. 

Keep in mind: The code examples below are for Linux, so be sure to adjust them according to your operating system.

### Export environment variables

In your terminal, export the below variables:

```bash
export SPIN_VARIABLE_AZ_ACCOUNT_NAME=YOUR_ACCOUNT_NAME
export SPIN_VARIABLE_AZ_SHARED_KEY=YOUR_SHARED_KEY
```

Notice that the environment variables are formatted `SPIN_VARIABLE_UPPERCASE_VARIABLE_NAME`. This is the format required by Spin to read environment variables properly. As can be seen in the `spin.toml` file, the Spin application accesses the variables as `lowercase_variable_name`. 


### Building and running the application:

Navigate to the directory containing the codefiles, then run the below commands:

```bash
# Creating and activating a virtual environment
python -m virtualenv venv
source venv/bin/activate

# Installing dependencies
pip install -r requirements.txt

# Building and running the Spin application
spin up --build

# Exit virtual environment after you are done with the application
deactivate
```

### Interacting with the application:

While the Spin app is running, open a new terminal window and try running the commands below:

#### List blobs:

```bash
curl "http://127.0.0.1:3000/container-name?restype=container&comp=list"
```

#### Get blob:

```bash
curl -o file_name.extension "http://127.0.0.1:3000/container-name/path/to/your/blob"
```

#### Delete blob:

```bash
curl --request DELETE "http://127.0.0.1:3000/container-name/path/to/your/blob"
```

#### Place blob:

```bash
curl --request PUT --data-binary @/path/to/file "http://127.0.0.1:3000/container-name/path/to/your/blob"
```
